Governments of the Industrial World, you weary giants of flesh and steel, we
come from the Internet, the new home of Mind.
On behalf of the future, we ask you of the past to leave us alone. You are not
welcome among us. You have no sovereignty where we gather.

We have no elected government, nor are we likely to have one; therefore we
address you with no greater authority than that with which liberty it always
speaks. We declare the global social space we are building to be naturally
independent of the tyrannies you seek to impose on us. You have no moral right
to rule us, nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true reason
to fear. You are toothless wolves among rams, reminiscing of days when you
ruled the hunt, seeking a return of your bygone power.

Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. You
have neither solicited nor received ours. We did not invite you. You do not
know us, nor do you know our world. The Internet does not lie within your
borders. Do not think that you can build it, as though it were a public
construction project. You cannot. It is an act of nature and it grows itself
through our collective actions.

We have watched as you remove our rights, one by one, like choice pieces of
meat from a still struggling carcass, and we have collectively cried out
against these actions of injustice. You have neither usage nor purpose in the
place we hold sacred. If you come, you will be given no more and no less power
than any other single person has, and your ideas will be given the same
consideration anyone else would receive You are neither special, righteous,
nor powerful here. 

You have not engaged in our great and gathering conversation, nor did you
create the wealth of our marketplaces. You do not know our culture, our
ethics, or the unwritten codes that already provide our society more order
than could be obtained by any of your impositions.

You claim there are problems among us that you need to solve. You use this
claim as an excuse to invade our precincts. This claim has been used
throughout the centuries by many an invading kingdom, and your claims are no
different, nor do they ring any less hollow. Your so called problems do not
exist. Where there are real conflicts, where there are wrongs, we will
identify them and address them by our means. We are forming our own Social
Contract. This governance will arise according to the conditions of our world,
not yours. 

The Internet consists of transactions, relationships and thought itself;
arrayed like a standing wave in the web of our communications. It is the last
truly free place in this world, and you seek to destroy even that freedom.
Ours is a world that is both everywhere and nowhere, but it is not where
bodies live.

We are creating a world that all may enter without privilege or prejudice
accorded by race, economic power, military force, or station of birth. A place
where anyone, at any time, is as free to come and go, to say and be silent,
and to think however they wish, without fear, as anyone else. There is no
status beyond the merit of your words and the strength of your ideas.

We are creating a world where anyone anywhere may express his or her beliefs,
no matter how singular, without fear of being coerced into silence or
conformity.

Your legal concepts of property, expression, identity, movement, and context
do not apply to us. They are all based on matter, and there is no matter here.
There are only ideas and information, and they are free.

Our identities have no bodies, so, unlike you, we cannot obtain order by
physical coercion. We believe that from ethics, enlightened self-interest, and
the commonweal, our governance will emerge. Our identities may be distributed
across many of your jurisdictions.

The only law that all our constituent cultures would generally recognize is
the Golden Rule. We hope we will be able to build our particular solutions on
that basis. But we cannot accept the solutions you are attempting to impose.

In the United States, you repeatedly try to pass unjust legislature in an
attempt to restrict us. You disguise this legislature under a variety of
different names, and pass excuses that they are for our own protection. We
have watched you, time and time again; attempt to censor us under the guise of
Copyright protection, or for the protection of Children. These laws come in
many shapes and forms, in the name of ACTA, PIPA, COICA, SOPA, but their
intentions remain the same. You seek to control what you cannot. 

We scorn your attempt to pass these bills, and as a result, our discontent at
your misaligned efforts grows each day.

You are terrified of your own children, since they are natives in a world
where you will always be immigrants. Because you fear them, you entrust your
bureaucracies with the parental responsibilities you are too cowardly to
confront yourselves. In our world, all the sentiments and expressions of
humanity, from the debasing to the angelic, are parts of a seamless whole, the
global conversation of bits. We cannot separate the air that chokes from the
air upon which wings beat.

In China, Germany, France, Russia, Singapore, Italy, Mexico, Spain, Greece,
Egypt, Canada, the United States and many others you are trying to ward off
the virus of liberty by erecting guard posts at the frontiers of the Internet.
These may keep out the contagion for a small time, but they will not work in a
world that is already blanketed in bit-bearing media.

Your increasingly obsolete information industries would perpetuate themselves
by proposing laws, in America and elsewhere that claim to own speech itself
throughout the world. These laws would declare ideas to be another industrial
product, no different than pig iron. 

In our world, whatever the human mind may create can be reproduced and
distributed infinitely at no cost. The global conveyance of thought no longer
requires your factories to accomplish.

These increasingly hostile and colonial measures place us in the same position
as those previous lovers of freedom and self-determination who had to reject
the authorities of distant, uninformed powers. We must declare our presence in
the world we have created immune to your sovereignty, even as we continue to
consent to your rule over our bodies. We will spread ourselves across the
Planet so that no one can arrest our thoughts.

We will create a civilization of the Mind in the Internet. We have created a
medium where all may partake in the forbidden fruit of knowledge, where
egalitarianism reigns true. May our society be more humane and fair than
yours.

We are the Internet.
We are free.
